oh come on we don't have time for that
nonsense with no time for anything are
they actually yep game over that didn't
work okay okay then let's try that again
this time is getting much smaller team
here those guys going to back in the
cave to collect a piece of or when you
already have 50 at the base it just
doesn't work come on guys keep working
address angry or just blast at the hell
forget safety okay here's a new order of
business either you run away or you draw
my copies last time I got the support
station up with like half hour remaining
so I really do think it's the just for
all just too many robbers the more you
have the faster the air runs out and it
does so quick yeah energy crystal has
been found okay okay forget safety just
bomb and that spiders going to kill him
no but unfortunately it didn't kill the
spider eater words cannot describe just
how dangerous this truly is but ok I
need 10 toes after crystals I need to
get them now and if that means I was
born the out of his place and bond
the out of it I shall see we're
already doing much better building their
nests is evil power station while that
guy last step get your head straight ok
we already have to power station up just
enough for the energy crystals router to
build the support state I'm gonna
actually put the support station down
with one of the energy crystals but
those are guys can already put down all
the or necessary to build it then all we
really have to do is get the energy
crystals and we'll be done
and incidentally we have four rock
raiders and we need for energy crystals
so that's going to be okay oh yeah we
are doing much better but you always do
now nice stop it yes just home to no
longer pick up all these guys are no
longer picking up or why because I don't
need everyone here this is really the
difference between doing the mission the
right way and the wrong way I have a
support station ready to be built at a
moment's notice at this point and a half
minute ago these guys were base is gonna
choke to death because I was you guys
these guys are not gonna pick up or
that's gonna see time I have all the
time in the world to look for that one
look for energy crystals I think you
should we join listal so that we can get
a basement my guys keep drilling okay
there it is see if I nun jus crystal
they automatically take it back to base
we will however go all the way back here
to just you know fear that rubble but I
guess that's sort of some purpose
because it does allow the raw run faster
so oh yeah look at that we're gonna be
Oh working to win this I hope is that
was rather fast
I was embarrassing as that little
running out of hard drive space thing
but some faxing look at these guys go
mr. I do I don't need an or the moment
all the orange requires already at these
sports station and we need right now at
energy crystals I'm not fighting i
really need time to get into trouble all
right that's why what it do it again so
we're got to talk for now let's just
keep digging guys no rest for the wicked
the rest for you
you remember the energy crystals our way
back okay